Documentation Restructure (#1231)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: examples/MCP/simple_calculator_mcp/README.md

## Prerequisites

> 

Reviewer: Ensure the following prerequisites are met before running the simply calculator workflow.

> 1. **Agent toolkit**: Ensure you have the Agent toolkit installed. If you have not already done so, follow the instructions in the [Install Guide](../../../docs/source/get-started/installation.md#install-from-source) to create the development environment and install NeMo Agent Toolkit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Agent toolkit**: Ensure you have the Agent toolkit installed. If you have not already done so, follow the instructions in the [Install Guide](../../../docs/source/get-started/installation.md#install-from-source) to create the development environment and install NeMo Agent toolkit.
```

> 2. **Base workflow**: This example builds upon the Getting Started [Simple Calculator](../../getting_started/simple_calculator/) example. Make sure you are familiar with the example before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Base workflow**: This example builds upon the Getting Started [Simple Calculator](../../getting_started/simple_calculator/) example. Make sure you are familiar with the example before proceeding.
```

## Run the Workflow

### NeMo Agent toolkit as an MCP Client
You can run the simple calculator workflow using Remote MCP tools. In this case, the workflow acts as a MCP client and connects to the MCP server running on the specified URL. Details are provided in the [MCP Client Guide](../../../docs/source/build-workflows/mcp.md).

### NeMo Agent toolkit as an MCP Server

> You can publish the simple calculator tools via MCP using the `nat mcp serve` command. Details are provided in the [MCP Server Guide](../../../docs/source/run-workflows/mcp-server.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can publish the simple calculator tools using MCP using the `nat mcp serve` command. Details are provided in the [MCP Server Guide](../../../docs/source/run-workflows/mcp-server.md).
```

```bash
nat mcp serve --config_file examples/getting_started/simple_calculator/configs/config.yml
```

> This starts an MCP server on port 9901 with endpoint `/mcp` and uses `streamable-http` transport. See the [MCP Server](../../../docs/source/run-workflows/mcp-server.md) documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This starts an MCP server on port 9901 with endpoint `/mcp` and uses `streamable-http` transport. Refer to [MCP Server](../../../docs/source/run-workflows/mcp-server.md) for more information.
```
